I woke up this morning and dressed for the day.
I prayed to Jehovah and went on my way.
I was told not to preach, but I cannot bend.
God is my Ruler rather than men.
And like the breeze blowing out in the field,
I feel peace right here.
I know Jehovah’s with me,
so why should I fear?
As I get back home and think about this day,
That man on the bench had so much to say.
So I pray that I’ll see him again there soon.
I know he’d feel better if he had the truth.
And like the breeze blowing out in the field,
I feel peace right here.
I know Jehovah’s with me,
so why should I fear?
Like a fire that’s burning deep in my heart,
These words I will speak; I’ll do my part.
I’ll spread his name the best that I can,
And I will keep going right down to the end.
Knowing my brothers are fighting this fight,
I’ll strengthen my faith, keep it alive.
Trusting Jehovah, his praises I’ll sing,
Knowing the new world he soon will bring.
As I lay my head down to sleep tonight,
I thank Jehovah and turn out the light.
What tomorrow may bring, I do not know,
But I know that I won’t face it alone.
And like the breeze blowing out in the field,
I feel peace right here.
I know Jehovah’s with me,
so why should I fear?
so I will not fear.